docs: add metadata descriptions to the debug and public listing how-to guides (#2415)
canonical/operator: docs/howto/debug-your-charm.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     description: Debug Juju charms with SSH, Pebble, debug-log, debug-hooks, debug-code breakpoints, jhack utilities, and VS Code remote debugging via debugpy.

Reviewer: One small suggestion to avoid "via":

```suggestion
    description: Debug Juju charms with SSH, Pebble, debug-log, debug-hooks, debug-code breakpoints, jhack utilities, and debugpy for remote debugging in VS Code.
```
